## Usage data being collected by CentML
Only anonymous data is collected by CentML using VSCode's Telemetry API. All telemetry events are automatically sanitized to anonymize all paths (best effort) and references to the username.

### Common data
The common data sent in all telemetry requests may contain:
- **Extension Name** `common.extname` - The extension name
- **Extension Version** `common.extversion` - The extension version
- **Machine Identifier** `common.vscodemachineid` - A common machine identifier generated by VS Code
- **Session Identifier** `common.vscodesessionid` - A session identifier generated by VS Code
- **VS Code Version** `common.vscodeversion` - The version of VS Code running the extension
- **OS** `common.os` - The OS running VS Code
- **Platform Version** `common.platformversion` - The version of the OS/Platform
- **Product** `common.product` - What Vs code is hosted in, i.e. desktop, github.dev, codespaces.
- **UI Kind** `common.uikind` - Web or Desktop indicating where VS Code is running
- **Remote Name** `common.remotename` - A name to identify the type of remote connection. `other` indicates a remote connection not from the 3 main extensions (ssh, docker, wsl).
- **Architecture** `common.nodeArch` - What architecture of node is running. i.e. arm or x86. On the web it will just say `web`.

### Usage data
The usage data sent contains the responses given by the DeepView.Profile

### Error data
The error data sent contains all error information thrown by the extension.
